Update meshery-ui doc contribution flow (#7343)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/contributing/contributing-ui.md

Refer to [Contributing to Meshery Server](contributing-server), if needed.

> > Make sure to have Meshery Server configured, up and running on the default port `http://localhost:9081` and login with meshery provider (go to the `http://localhost:9081` to login with meshery provider) before proceeding to access and work on the UI server at `http://localhost:3000`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Make sure to have Meshery Server configured, up and running on the default port `http://localhost:9081` and choose a provider to login with (visit `http://localhost:9081`) before proceeding to access and work on the UI server at `http://localhost:3000`.
```
